New serverless pattern - Appsync Bedrock Streaming SAM (#2301)
aws-samples/serverless-patterns: appsync-bedrock-streaming-sam/README.md

    ```
2. Change directory to the pattern directory:
    ```
    cd appsync-bedrock-streaming-sam
    ```
3. From the command line, use AWS SAM to deploy the AWS resources for the pattern as specified in the template.yml file:
    ```
    sam build
    sam deploy --guided
    ```
4. During the prompts:
    * Enter a stack name
    * Enter the desired AWS Region
    * Allow SAM CLI to create IAM roles with the required permissions.

    Once you have run `sam deploy --guided` mode once and saved arguments to a configuration file (samconfig.toml), you can use `sam deploy` in future to use these defaults.

## How it works

This template creates an AWS AppSync API along with a AWS Lambda function. The API exposes a mutation that can be called and will trigger an async lambda function invocation (thus bypassing the 30s timeout of AppSync) that will call Anthropic Claude V3 Haiku through Amazon Bedrock and stream the response back to the end user through an AppSync subscription.

## Testing

The easiest way to test the AppSync API is with the AppSync console at https://console.aws.amazon.com/appsync/home#/apis (change to your appropriate region)

> 1. Click on the API you created (it should be named `BedrockAppSyncApi`) and visit the Queries tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the API you created, named `BedrockAppSyncApi`, then choose the Queries from the navigation pane.
```

2. Subscribe to `onMessage` as follows
  ```graphql
  subscription MySubscription {
    onMessage (chatId: "test") {
      messageId
      type
      fullText
    }
  }
  ```

> 3. Open another Queries tab in another browser tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In another browser tab, open a second Queries page.
```

> 3. Open another Queries tab in another browser tab

Reviewer: 3. Choose Run.

> 4. Run the `sendMessage` mutation as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the `sendMessage` mutation as follows
```

  ```graphql
  mutation MyMutation {
    sendMessage(
      chatId: "test", 
      prompt: "Does AppSync support streaming responses ?"
    )
  }
  ```

> 5. In the subscription tab, you should see the response being streamed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Choose Run.
7. Switch back to your subscription tab and observe the streaming response.
```
